Add warning to current user endpoints (#351)
axiomhq/docs: restapi/endpoints/updateCurrentUser.mdx

---
title: Update current user
openapi: "v2 put /user"
---

<Warning>
Using this endpoint, you can update your own user. Authorize the request with a [personal access token (PAT)](/reference/tokens).

> You cannot update other users with this endpoint, and you cannot use an API token to authorize the request.

Author: ```suggestion
You can’t update other users with this endpoint, and you can’t use an API token to authorize the request.
```
